Have you read today's news?
Zujiuchi you said,
Mom, why are you doing this when the economy of this place is so special?
I already know,
Got it, got it,
Got it, what to do,
Got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it,
Got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it,
Got it, got it, got it,
Got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it, got it,
knew,
Got it, got it
Dozens of one-point nuclear detonations a year just burn and smell like this
Then I am a parent
Hey, hey, hey, there’s this news.
God has always been there for Bao An
Let’s talk about where to get up when you can become good.
What will you begin to have?
feeling of doubt
I asked you to spit out the nuclear silk. You blame me for saying that.